Porting ASP.NET eBook REVIEW DRAFT (#22167)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/porting-existing-aspnet-apps/signalr-differences.md

---
title: Compare ASP.NET SignalR and ASP.NET Core SignalR
description: How does ASP.NET Core SignalR differ from its predecessor, ASP.NET SignalR?
author: ardalis
ms.date: 11/13/2020
---

# Compare ASP.NET SignalR and ASP.NET Core SignalR

> ASP.NET Core SignalR is not compatible with clients or servers using ASP.NET SignalR. You will need to update both clients and server to use ASP.NET Core SignalR. Some differences are described in this section, while the full list is available in the [docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/signalr/version-differences). ASP.NET Core SignalR requires .NET Core 3.0 or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core SignalR is not compatible with clients or servers using ASP.NET SignalR. You will need to update both clients and server to use ASP.NET Core SignalR. Some differences are described in this section, while the full list is available in the [docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/signalr/version-differences). ASP.NET Core SignalR requires .NET Core 2.1 or greater.
```

Author: Looks good - someone with write access please commit.
